they have everything put 101 and we close the
htv channel well I've been seeing then
his recommendations because well I
I see them is to say yes with which the
application then I tell you that such
is always going to be the one done if not
I know him, well, I'm going to release them or
I see the description of it
application does not always download them but
Well I decided to do the review of
two excellent games that I consider one
a little stressful and another post
totally free
one is called amazing bridge recommended
by gabriel oviedo and the other recommended
by oscar omar ramírez called
magic touch both games are going to be in
the previous description directly to
download them just like the links from
my social networks what came from a
page on facebook away from you for
you do you give light and good for me
you are recommending to and some other
game so that I do not show in life
imposed I sent a greeting a strong
I embrace all of you and well, good
nothing more to say I invite you to you
You can watch the full video of these
two excellent games with this I
dismissal and we start with the video not a
little bit of it is never bad for
the channel and bonus I invite you to download
the application of jose htv
when I was video there you will be
appearing a notification so that
see and checks directly from
youtube or from the same application and
well the first game that we go is
performing is called magic touch wizards
for hire in this case then we're going to
go directly on the application I have already
played this game therefore therefore
I have a moderate score for this
say it let's lower the volume a bit
to show this and as for now
we have good graphics you know is a
nice impression what am I
carrying basically we're going to be
here making the symbols that we
appear on the balloons for example
we have a plus or minus we have a
line shows it doing we have one of
here chin 'low cost' htv walks with everything
right i'm thinking i can
be like willy rex vegeta and all
them there the race of youtube gamers
from the youtube community as they can
see here we walk with everything doing things
salty
ok it was a montage we made 19 mis
best 34 kilos fill a little bit of
money we have converted this score
just like we can steal the ads
to applications by the developer
trophies scores just like that
good successes so to speak
we have what would be the
normal spells is backgrounds for
change the wallpaper just like
you can buy more inhuman coins
here to spells, let's go here
we can buy for example this spell
of time does not reach us in the
budget neither in great wear nor in
the game that we are analyzing in this
case then we 're not going to give us all this
let's turn off taccetti well with
the game is pretty simple
there's so much to explain basically
Well, this is about the whole game as
you can see this is the menu we have one
that another setting to not move music or
high as the announcements we close this and
let's play one more time you know jose
there is to see playing
we make one do one of another to a
line another from another line we walk with
all gentlemen and gentlemen
the truth is that we are going to the best are
what I do but when I'm not in
They put the camera camera gives me a
little of grief and good recently
I discovered that
is talking to a subscriber and and I
I said no then you should play with
wounds me because she 's playing and
I suffer a lot I said that is point 2 of
joke we want to see suffer well
obviously I felt very bad this
these are several you have to
do in this case as you will see
we go with all ladies and gentlemen
excellent excellent people what if
you can beat my hand score is
a screenshot via twitter
real chitiva works or by facebook
and well I feel that we will be
analyzing is called amazing week and at
game once without a doubt I consider it as
a slightly stressful game thanks
for showing that being touching the
screen several times either to the
left or right to pass
about these cubes as you can see then
well, it's not going to be easy because then
it seems life is not easy and games
free of the wii play store either
let's continue here with all the lords
gentlemen and their children
ladies and gentlemen the children of branches with
all together
way of pop in the way of hope
record segment of 5 life boys
a thousand laps today 35 stable points
right now will make 10 or 1
You already know that I 'm not good at games
so you can not say they have
they had high expectations that is to say
I look for the truth but I think that
I think it is worth trying at times
let's go down and collide is not that
it makes sense because for example this
box have the strength to propel themselves
but not for the strength to throw the
pictures that are there floating around doing
nothing person as I mean or is now yes
now yes we are going to do 10 in a row
already after this after this
after this we go one more time
ladies and gentlemen the third is the good
nothing with this, I say goodbye, sir
we closed the joke barn
you know that if it can be a score more
high to mine that apparently everyone
You can beat me in my scores because
with a two-point score they do not send
scores of 17 points I put scores of
30 and scoring habit of 31 in the
last we need to call a score
of 120 but good
how small is the world and apparently the
Wild music is a bit more
enjoy the melody the boys
We were cheeky if you said goodbye
Thank you